my lil baby bird ducked and your great
stunt
hi guys and welcome back to my youtube
channel a few and you here my name is
Olivia Jarvis today I'm going to be
doing and my protein and boxing hall and
try um I'm going to show you some
outfits as well as tofu some supplements
and also I've got some other little bits
that arrived today so I just thought I'd
show you then I did put some stuff all
mines gonna store the other day and I've
got a couple messages so just that off
might as well just do a bit of a whole
all my six points I'm gonna get from my
protein and I'm gonna leave my discount
links below you can get 35% off with
live 35 and then if you use my link down
below so yeah without further ado I'll
just get straight into it over I've got
this is actually from my protein and and
I really really like it so I can't wait
to show everything like that got the
qualities so lovely so if you've seen
what enter only the day they see the
second my protein every pound that I've
eaten literally all of it gone
I think nothing like five minutes it's
just so nice about protein chocolate and
in my head about oh it's not like zero
calorie it really isn't but yes that's
gone that was delicious
I'm with this is a box that arrived
strategist started showing sits so cute
like the packaging is just so they were
thingamabob sugar free so your recipes
on here see your calories per serving so
here we've got sweetener tablet these
are really nice to put in like your
coffee or tea
see just like the sprinkle eversion but
I always use these don't use this other
sauce so that should try so two packs of
these 200 tablets they last ages as well
so really like that so is that a little
package to arrive it's really nice these
are P things that got a lovely Christmas
card I got such a nice little touch and
I'm obsessed with these and this is
first I tried the chocolate sugar-free
syrup lit she's perfect to put on your
porridge or pancakes literally anything
and this is just a restocks I've run out
of the earth gold in search of every
syrup that to me means these are such
good essentials and just make food more
exciting with zero sugar then I got they
start kaki original bra which is just so
nice a living
and I like the in abandon there and the
back is really pretty
then I got the new seamless looks
leggings in Slate out she got these an
extra small I mean they do look quite
tiny then I got a restock of this of the
way chocolate brownie flavor literally
it's so good I restored we find in
protein that I actually like I generally
have any sort of like chocolate or any
other and banana and this is huger that
you get that's gonna go six months or
something its massive I use some of that
the other day have this in black these
are new in and such a nice comfortable
material I did get these in that extra
small I've got these national in black
and I'm so happy these aside openes so
this is the woman's shape seamless
sports bra more I've got this also in a
small and I like it it's honestly it's
so comfortable and I like how it comes
that looked a bit lower down it's just a
really flattering and definitely very
supportive and I have noticed my protein
does make their bra I was like slightly
longer around here which is nice it
covers up I don't have that bit of fat
bulging out and then this is the back
she'll really nice that crossover lace
back such a nice material aren't as you
think this color is just gorgeous it's
so much nicer on there's a nice detail
pocket that you can put your phone in on
here really flattering like I'm so glad
I fired up to a small from extra small
because it's just so much nicer still
trying to go live with my hair but it's
growing very coppery wash it last night
and put some that free shampoo in it but
we're still it gingery and it's also got
the mesh mesh detail down for like if
some guy like commented on my latter you
asked me to put socks on my trust fund
but I like being a better to do this I'm
gonna wear this tonight I think to the
gym and try to get some work out content
though I'm gonna try the next outfit
I'll just try a second outfit on I've
got this original bra in dark khaki
doesn't have any padding
around here so it's still okay it just
it's a bit nippy I don't know what would
be saying between us and I pet it with
the leggings however the leggings are
too small I'd recommend sizing up in the
women's looks seamless leggings in Slate
so I'm usually about an AEG and I'm
probably gonna get a size small but I've
got an extra small because sometimes I
know these would like to give quite a
bit but yes I reckon I can generate
across the board in my protein I'm
definitely a size small so I actually
ordered the size in the my protein
leggings and they arrived this morning
like what half nine so I was really
impressed I literally all of them last
night and I just thought I'd show you
like the difference in these women's
looks
seeing the seconds in the slate color
because I would definitely just go a
size up so these are the extra small
just I'll show you with this is quite a
big difference these are really quite
petite and they're sort of a tight tight
fit tight here so this more these are
literally honestly I'm so obsessed with
these at the details so nice I'll just
show you these on so these other
leggings are small and they just fit
honestly what different these are
definitely way better fit then small
I've just got a jump ring from earlier
at least of me this week I'm not been to
the gym for like three or four days
which I'm good about but I've had a bit
of like pay and I hit and been itching
to go to the gym base but it's been
quite handy actually coz has managed to
get some work done like rather than
procrastinating and spending hours in
the gym
I sometimes do so yeah I'm looking
forward to getting back but it has been
nice to have best time off and catch up
on like other stuff oh my god a car
crash whew you must go I only just
stopped getting sausage like I'm sure if
you've had anything similar yourself you
know how long it tastes really good but
cut courtesy card dropped off today and
the guy picked my car up so haven't
heard in that yeah and I've different my
car so Don's and that should be
interested in tonight and then also go
to Dubai nesting night six days and
haven't ordered anything or I mean I'm a
Christmas shopping yet so I need to get
onto that quick time I on my life so in
organizing I've got loads of activewear
to take with me but no no presents or no
clothes this year is just going crazy
fast and December it's just so busy
every year just feels like so much
pressure from that's Christmas and
everything thank you so much watching
this video I'm also going to doing some
more active wear holes this week because
that's the only thing of ordered back to
my so I will put them up and I'll keep
you guys posted on my Instagram which is
at Olivia Java if you liked this video
don't forget to subscribe and like to do
as it really helps me
[Music]